for Led-To-R1, while the connection passing thru tantalum capacitor, led varying 
in unknow way for higher voltage rate... Starting with substitution of vinyl 63v 
0.1uf uses of neon in some distribution using a gate from negative to positive 
back-plane, the magnetic field corruption happenning  in plasma field from neon 
in same distribution is closely related from this path being present in both led 
version and neon version. pushing the tantalum or vinyl out of the board the 
effect disapear... do we need to put a tin-zinc magnetic field cage of some 
split-ring cell ( aka . meta-material negative index refraction mechanis ), see 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negative_index_metamaterials. This is also let me 
think; what happen in some silver or tin bond being thickering in some old schema 
where material start to re-cristalize and jump out of the path... And there is no 
big case observed in photon converted in heat and energy in this case, but leaking 
bulb from poly-carbonated bulb was seriously eliminated from high-precision tools, 
like spectrometer, using twise more power (or simply closer to us, old TV-tube 
was creating such burn effect ). Old story about Sears-tv repairs simply remove 
neon and brushing surface mount of TV to repair such type of anomalies... We 
seriously lack knowledge about noble gaz and high-energy field and commonly stable 
hot-temperature being an asset in some electric and energy field to push 
investigation in critical domain to study extreme case... 

But comonly both neon and xenon can be affected by magnetism thru simple magnet 
and may be applied here and on transformer to affect energy curse and simply 
reduce performance or doing like my previous experiment to double the transformer 
and adding at every connector simple inductor. It change the sound emitting by 
the schema and applying magnet in constant vibration 

Schema: 
-> T1 and T2 are transformer, T2 is the transformer is doped with inductor, 0.1uH 
, or any inductor with same induction level. 

having :
		( T1  + T2 ) 
		are commonly synchronizing themselve after fews minutes and result to a 
		transformer being hoter than the other, we see comonly at 3v, a difference of 
		2 to 3 deg. celsius in closed non hermetic but not ventilated casing. 
having :
	( T1 + Magnet1 + Magnet2 + T2 )
while :
	Magnet1 is N-S disposed .
	Magnet2 is S-N disposed . 
 - You see a constant drop in efficience and may take about 30 mins to 
 an hour to gain a Led lighting or neon to start blinking.
 - You see almost same result in heat generation between T1 and T2. 
 Testing schema like :
 Neon -> ( T1 + Magnet1 + Magnet2 + T2 )
 or 
 ( T1 + Magnet1 + Magnet2 + T2 ) <- Neon 
while :
 'Neon ->' or '<- Neon' are simply the bulb being only in the region where 
 electro-magnetism can be present .
will :
 - will require more time to obtain anode or cathode from this neon light to 
 glow completly... Initially it glow around 80% of the anode and 
 electromagnetism from this device will decrease the region being exited.
 - Notice the schema does not permit to enlight all anode-cathode because there
 is a polarity inside this device and accumuling the energy onto the gate to light
 it will instantly light the opposite anode which is really short and can be viewable. 
 
 - And Natural magnetic force from this diminushed magnetic-field are increasing the 
 difficulty to bring the neon to light. 
 
And it's basically the same around tantalum capacitor being phisically present and in
use around schema instead of neon :

having : 
 
 Tantalum capacitor -> ( T1 + Magnet1 + Magnet2 + T2 )
 or 
 ( T1 + Magnet1 + Magnet2 + T2 ) <- Tantalum capacitor
 
while :
	- Tantalum capacitor is in use and extended by wire to the schema.
	- Schema ( T1 + Magnet1 + Magnet2 + T2 ) are permanently move from
	the board to facilitate the test. 
	- Initial gate in A9 was moved to external wire, which bring us the 
	possibilities to test it.
	
- Result:
 - a disfunctionnality to a non operational state is observed. The case
 recorded on end of july or between 15 of July to the end after final prototype 
 was developped, Tantalum capacitor was moved close to  ( T1 + Magnet1 ) region,
 and leave half and hour the prototype operable after dying . 
 - A darlington TIP142 was used instead of 2SC5765 was also involved in the 
 prototype , see the schema : 

having :  
 
 									Tesla 
    ( T1 + U2O + T2 )
          TIP142
   Magnet1 + Xe + Magnet2
   
while :
	tesla is at the entry, and should generate more electron shift than
	what uranium may free as electron to render-it compromizing in the equation.
		- Normalisation is under way to get the exact ratio between beta-ray and 
		electron-volts	generated by the tesla to create a state of 
		the art "electron-in-weighted nuclei in micro-gravitational difference" generator.
		 - While being complicated to tell what's different for same amount of energy generated 
		 around different weighted product, velocity required and sustained by our normal 
		 environment will create this difference and push it rather than let it flow like static.
 T1 is normal transformer connection . 
 T2 is the transformer with inductance being added. 
 U2O : Stand for crystalized, stabilized, safe Uranium with Oxygen bound .
  - There is remanent alfa-ray and mostly beta ray being emitted a really low 
  rate. This constantly charging the transformer and facilitate it's operation 
  over time in magnet-dopped environment . 
 
	Xe : Stand for Xenon Tube. 
 Magnet1 and Magnet2 are not neodynium strong magnet but 
 NdFeB spherical magnet in chain of 4, around the Xe Tube.
 - Configuration are :
 - 4 x NdFeB of 4.99 millimeter on anode side. are N-S aligned. 
 - 4 x NdFeB of 5.01 millimeter on cathode side, are S-N aligned. 
   - this setup leave impossibility to pass thru the 0.12-0.10 mm space free and 
   have magneticaled repulsed region. 
 - There is less than 0.12-0.10 millimeter of space in the middle of the Xe Tube.
 - This create impossibilities to discharge the Xe tube with the normal setup. 
 Excess of energy won't be eliminated by the Xe-Tube and will slowly do it by the 
 Tesla coil or the equivalent of the capacitance load of the tantalum. 

result : 

 - A working unit and somewhat pusle come out of this unit until i bring the 
 Tantalum or Vinyl 63 volts Capacitor close to the T1 region... 
 Notice Both tesla and so called capacitor 1 what not involved on low-voltage 
 section and may spark or influence in the energy generation. No destruction sign
 are visible and every componnent was tested and seems to be related to copper 
 plate or wire itself... 
