
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 1 from the Invention. 


This is an invention related nuclear proton accelerator made from 
fabric-ending side of ( different-spatial ) and ( in-spatial + near-in-side-space ) 
from project hvpe, a static-hvpe in proton accelerator with neutron line-up-field 
with quantic-tunelling coming from property of LaFeUF4-capacitor invention. 
Hereby own capacitance-mild property in today-electronic device can be substituate 
and continue to work and producing it's normal activity due to it's neutron-line-up
field or ( Circle in, in-spatial + near-in-side-space )

called : 
- in-spatial + near-in-side-space : 

	A space-time of connectivity-out after 
	nuclear reaction occur, first equivalent segment from this side having 
	vector from magnetic-magnetic field connection and light-light-boson-state
	and magnetic-electic junction mixing twice the equivalent segment while
	the operation is existing. 

- different-spatial
	A unknow space and time location aggred by existing gravity and light deformance
	from gravity... 


- neutron-line-up
	A Fast Neutron in nuclear reaction, and tensor created by double alpha
	expulsion or re-entry from atomic-scale . 


- this Capacitor having in fact junction made from magnetic-coil, this will 
naturally accumulate energy from different part from electronic schema. 
HVPE prove owing capacity to replace the tantalum capacitor with a coil and 
having another coil being aligned the transformer theory throw the energy and 
can push back the energy too. Connecting at the end of free coil equivalent
tantalum-capacitor, echo from the transformer, HVPE still working and start to
charge the Main High Voltage capacitor . Having reduced to throwing the tantalum
out, 2 coil separate in space create a delay need to be filtered from schema and 
lead to use plain diract effect for thermic capacitor or tantalum capacitor, 
tunning 2 coil to push the signal will work too. Working like Tesla 2-coil ground
skipping effect energy prove to be release. ( Theory of intermixing 2 tesla 
coil from same ground, same source will not cary higher energy and only creating
 magnetic loop ) . 
 
 - Filling the tunelling capacitor inside hvpe will create in local situation 
 where the Final-HVPE is cluster of xenon tube where reaction just 
 happen and tetraedal structure of xenon tube are hook from tetraedal 
 an HVPE equiped from tunelling capacitor will push ultimately in occured
 plasma field from  xenon tube the remain in-exchange, a proton-state presence
 from residual operation and can be carry out into another gas-field from 
 another tetraedal side and will respect natural conception of weak-fusion
 generator without « empeller ». This Final-HVPE made from Tunelling-Capacitor
 will also conserve the proton or actual state of proton in know range rather
 to rely on physical acceleration of proton know from Large-Halydron . 
 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 2 from the Invention. 

- Theorical experiment : 
	named : Virtual_bust* effect 

- Nuclear Hard_state Tunelling.  Virtual_bust* effect in many channel knowed.  
 - Some reciprocity exist between nuclear_fusionable event and play a role
 in absorbing the +[conditions]->available to loop_in_equal amount_of_energy
 and push_the_reaction into different Harmony in normal spectral range and 
 alter severals wavelength in magnetic range than, it's possible to use a 
 simple Schmidt–Newtonian Theory and use the lanthanum+hall_effect_sensor 
 as mirror or the observation point and simple UF4 ( Uranium tetrafluoride ) 
 and any Hall effect sensor will be able to play the eyes and report this 
 tunelling effect producing nuclear reaction but anticipate a range of couple 
 Virtual_bust* effect will show the physical location and it's counterpart
 after the reaction by sibling visual-variance thru UF4 refraction index and 
 seeing the local alteration of magnetic field. This device will both able
 to push infrared wavelength to seek for cross-point in fabric* and this 
 device acting as simple Capacitor. This will have the possibility to gather
 equivalent nuclear location and enlarge the location from cross-point sibled
 and increase the location or simply thrusting and increasing the know
 location of neutron. This only, by 
 Assuming Neutron are reflecting themself out and create simple instance of 
 them around thoses cross-point. 
 
 - We know Lanthanum having many polar and dispolarities and many other state
 like double-decay or vitual double-decay, that do not create neutrino instantly.
 Using magnetic hall-effect sensing, this capacitor will trigger where the normal
 magnetic field is set and will give us ability to seek for higher-manetic-range
 and knowing where the anomalies are thrusting. 
 
 - We are certains where Iron taking a real excess of energy to create fusion.
 This is a region where inside the capacitor the nuclear reaction can't occur.
 - Having This know, the phenomenom of Iron/Lanthanum nuclear effect is know
 from population. 
 
 - Assuming Echo of Infrared light will create many wavelength variation not
 sensed from Hall-Effect sensor ( SS495 from Honeywell  ), from drifted UF4
 refraction-index, this will create appropriate hole . Thoses from Iron Ring
 ( where Tunelling is part ), will store actual energy-segment-and-statement 
 from possible ( Light confinement doing boson state the know location is usually 
 within two know location ), This device not equiped to create bosonic state will
 also propagate energy-segment-and-statement from nearest Iron-ring 
 heath-light-magnetic and heath-light-magnetic+Netron-line storage will sustend
 what energy was created. 
 
 Applying magnetic field here can also bring the drifted excess to be captured by 
 magnetic-strafing until suround come back to it's normal status. 
 



Specification : 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Electronic part : 
 - Hall effect sensor. ( SS495, 60mT of range )
 - Infrared-leds. 
 - Iron-ring ( Ferrite )
 - Lanthanaum 
 - Uranium TetraFluoride*** ( UF4 - a.k.a. used Uranium from fusion central )
     - Still emitting alpha decay, beta-decay and still strong resistant to 
    heavy alpha and neutron and x-ray. 

Analysis :
 - internal Iron(Fe) diameter : 7.80mm
 - Lanthanum Pellet : 3.20 mm 
 - Uranium Pellet diameter 6.00 mm 


note:
bust : Action to affect and compromise integrity of the location being 
altered. 
fabric : The actual Cosmos Fabric, from String theory and wide-tunned string
 in local environment. 
*** Uranium TetraFluoride: Was available by buying it on ebay but available from 
recycling-program by contacting government about re-using depleted stable Uranium.
An advantage to recycle it into amorce in deuterium fusion and energy confinement 
in micro-pulsed nuclear-reaction , or directly contacting your nuclear-agency for
furthur program and possibilities to use cheap Uranium instead to buy it on 
market, this one can be expensive in high-volume demostration purposes. 

